Treatments for Knee Conditions
Specialists at GW Hospital provide advanced treatments for complex knee conditions such as osteoarthritis, tendonitis, bursitis, ligament injuries (torn ACL), and knee effusion. These conditions can lead to pain, swelling, and limited use of the knee.
ROSA® Robotic Knee Replacement System
GW Hospital is the first in Washington, D.C. to use the ROSA® (Robotic Surgical Assistant) Knee System for total joint replacements. The ROSA system assists surgeons and enables them to perform procedures with greater accuracy, tailoring the fitting of the implant to your unique anatomy. The surgeon uses data collected before and during the procedure to improve the precision of the fitting. This helps improve comfort and your overall experience after the surgery.
This is a minimally invasive surgery that can result in less scarring, a quicker recovery and less pain.
Schedule an Appointment
To schedule an in-person or virtual appointment, please fill out our general appointment form or call our referral service at 888-4GW-DOCS.
Treatments Offered
Minimally Invasive and Small Incision Knee Surgery
GW Hospital is just one of 11 sites nationwide – and the first in D.C. – to perform the new minimally invasive knee replacement developed by Zimmer, Inc.
Total Knee Replacement
At our Total Joint Replacement Center, we provide comprehensive services – both before and after surgery – for patients undergoing total hip or total knee replacement.
Sports Medicine
We evaluate and treat sports-related injuries and overuse syndromes, and provide rehabilitation, arthroscopic knee surgery and anterior cruciate ligament reconstruction.
ACL Rehabilitation Program
The team will work with you one-on-one to create an individualized treatment plan to get you back to the activities you love! During treatment you can expect to work with your therapist on gait analysis and training, range of motion exercises, and return to sport and agility exercises, and you will use the Alter-G treadmill, all under direct guidelines for safely returning you to your sport and usual activities.
Joint Replacement Rehabilitation Program
The joint program focuses on optimizing patient readiness for and recovery from joint replacement surgery. Patients will be seen prior to surgery to review how best to prepare for surgery and what to expect when they get home from the hospital. Patients will be on a formalized surgeon-therapist collaborative protocol for postoperative rehabilitation. The primary goal is to restore independent function and optimize mobility as quickly as possible.
Blue Distinction® Center for Knee Replacement
In 2020, GW Hospital received designation as a Blue Distinction® Center for Knee and Hip Replacement from CareFirst BlueCross® BlueShield® (CareFirst), as part of the Blue Distinction Specialty Care program. This remarkable achievement demonstrates our ongoing commitment to providing the highest quality, patient centric care in orthopedic surgery.
Knee Conditions
Osteoarthritis
Osteoarthritis, also called degenerative joint disease, occurs when the cartilage in your joints wears down, causing your bones to rub together. It is the most common form of arthritis and can cause pain, swelling and reduced motion in your joints.
Knee Effusion
A knee effusion, or water on the knee, occurs when excess fluid builds up around the knee joint, causing swelling, pain and stiffness. This can be caused by arthritis or injury.
Meniscal Tear
The meniscus is the cartilage that cushions the knee. A meniscal tear can occur when you twist or over-flex your knee, or quickly stop and change direction.
Ligament Strain or Tear
Direct contact to the knee or changing direction rapidly while running can cause a knee ligament to stretch or tear. This can affect any of the four ligaments in the knee, which are the anterior and posterior cruciate ligaments (ACL and PCL) and the medial and lateral collateral ligaments (MCL and LCL).
Patellar Subluxation
A kneecap dislocation or sublaxation can occur when the knee is hit from the side or when it is suddenly twisted or turned. Swelling and pain are the result.
Bursitis
Bursitis occurs when a bursa, a small sac filled with lubricating fluid that serves as a cushion between a bone and other moving parts, becomes inflamed. Pain, swelling, and stiffness are likely to occur.
Baker’s Cyst
A Baker's cyst occurs when joint fluid builds up and leads to the formation of a cyst behind the knee. This is normally caused by meniscal tears, cartilage injuries, or arthitis.
Rheumatoid Arthritis
Rheumatoid arthritis occurs when your immune system mistakenly attacks the tissues that line your joints, causing pain, swelling, stiffness and loss of function in your joints. Over time it can cause damage to bone and cartilage in the joints.
*Individual results may vary. There are risks associated with any surgical procedure. Talk with your doctor about these risks to find out if minimally invasive surgery is right for you.