Quick Seach
Unlock By Manufacturer
Follow to Us
Unlock By Network
Top Sellers
Unlocking your BenQ M775C has never been easier! That's right - you're FREE, your unlocked handset will accept any SIM card from ANY provider worldwide! You're just 30 seconds away from freedom.
We guarantee it. Our BenQ M775C unlocking process is safe and 100% money-back guaranteed. Your BenQ M775C will not be damaged in any way through this process. So how do you unlock your BenQ M775C? It's as easy as texting a friend! We'll provide you step-by-step instructions on how to unlock your handset, as well as an unlock code straight from the manufacturer.
To GET STARTED: Select the original carrier of your BenQ M775C from the list below to start unlocking your phone.
Does your BenQ M775C work only with France - Bouygues Telecom or, when you insert a SIM Card from another service provider, do you see any of the following messages?
If so, your France - Bouygues Telecom BenQ M775C is LOCKED and we can help you remove this lock on your BenQ M775C in a few simple steps, allowing you to use your phone on any GSM wireless network on any GSM wireless network anywhere in the world.
You will not have to mail in your France - Bouygues Telecom BenQ M775C. No Hardware or Software required. No technical knowledge required at all. Simply provide us your BenQ M775C’s IMEI number and we do all the rest.
Three Simple Steps
Reasons to remote unlock your cell phone
Warranty
All our Unlock CODES are 100% genuine and guaranteed, if for any reason your unlock codes are not found in our database then we will issue a full refund.
Why my BenQ M775C is locked?
When you purchase a cell phone it is often offered at a discounted price by the cellular network. In return for this generosity they "lock" your BenQ M775C to their network, so that you can only use their network for making and receiving calls. This means that you cannot use the SIM card of another network, and if you try to do so the phone will display "Phone Restricted", “Contact Service Provider”, “Enter Unlock Code” or a similar message. Unlocking the phone removes this lock, allowing you to use your BenQ M775C on any GSM wireless network anywhere in the world.
Why should I unlock my BenQ M775C?
Will I have to unlock my BenQ M775C every time I change SIM Card?
No, even if you upgrade the software (flash) or hard reset your BenQ M775C, it remains permanently unlocked, no matter what you do to it.
What is a SIM Card?
A SIM card or Subscriber Identity Module is a portable memory chip used in GSM phones. The SIM Card allows users to change phones by simply removing the SIM Card from one cell phone and inserting it into another. The SIM holds personal identity information, cell phone number, phone book, text messages and other data.
How does the remote unlocking work?
Upon successful order submission, we will process your BenQ M775C's unique IMEI number and email back an unlock code.
What does IMEI mean?
The International Mobile Equipment Identity or IMEI is a 15 digit serial number unique to every GSM cell phone. We generate the unlocking code from the IMEI, this is called remote unlocking.
How to get the IMEI#?
Enter *#06# into your phone to retrieve the unique 15 digit IMEI number. It can also be found printed on the back of the phone underneath the battery.
Is cable and software required?
No software or cable is required at all.
How do I enter the unlock code?
It is very easy to enter the unlock code. Instructions will be provided.
How Safe is it and is it guaranteed to Work?
Removing the network restriction on your BenQ M775C with unlocking codes is the safest and fastest way to unlock a cell phone. There is absolutely no risk of damaging your BenQ M775C or void warranty. You simply enter the unlock codes directly into your BenQ M775C via the BenQ M775C’s keypad to remove the network restriction. We guarantee it to work or your money back.
Is cell phone unlocking legal?Yes is legal. On November 26, 2006, the U.S. Copyright Office ruled that consumers can legally unlock their cell phones in order to use them with rival carriers. Some times you might be able to ask your network to provide you with an unlock code. However, they will only do this for free if you have completed your contract. Obviously most networks don't want you moving away from their network so they will often charge extortionate rates to unlock your BenQ M775C and you can also be made to wait up to 3 weeks to receive your unlock codes.
Need help? Contact our Support Team. We are open 24/7 and we'll do our best to get back to you with an answer within 12 hours.
