[zh-CN] 关于进一步明确全面推开营改增试点有关再保险、不动产租赁和非学历教育等政策的通知--浙江民办教育网
今天是：2016-11-6 星期日
设为首页 | 加入收藏
首　页
协会介绍
协会动态
新闻聚焦
协会公告
综合改革
政策选登
民教论坛
会长信箱
下载专区
电子会刊
当前位置 >> 主页  >> 政策选登 >> 国家政策 >> 正文
关于进一步明确全面推开营改增试点有关再保险、不动产租赁和非学历教育等政策的通知
时间：2016-06-22    点击率：43    来源：财政部税收司网站
字号选择〖 大 中 小 〗  
财税[2016]68号
各省、自治区、直辖市、计划单列市财政厅（局）、国家税务局、地方税务局，新疆生产建设兵团财务局：
经研究，现将营改增试点期间有关再保险、不动产租赁和非学历教育等政策补充通知如下：
一、再保险服务
（一）境内保险公司向境外保险公司提供的完全在境外消费的再保险服务，免征增值税。
（二）试点纳税人提供再保险服务（境内保险公司向境外保险公司提供的再保险服务除外），实行与原保险服务一致的增值税政策。再保险合同对应多个原保险合同的，所有原保险合同均适用免征增值税政策时，该再保险合同适用免征增值税政策。否则，该再保险合同应按规定缴纳增值税。
原保险服务，是指保险分出方与投保人之间直接签订保险合同而建立保险关系的业务活动。
二、不动产经营租赁服务
1.房地产开发企业中的一般纳税人，出租自行开发的房地产老项目，可以选择适用简易计税方法，按照5%的征收率计算应纳税额。纳税人出租自行开发的房地产老项目与其机构所在地不在同一县（市）的，应按照上述计税方法在不动产所在地预缴税款后，向机构所在地主管税务机关进行纳税申报。
房地产开发企业中的一般纳税人，出租其2016年5月1日后自行开发的与机构所在地不在同一县（市）的房地产项目，应按照3%预征率在不动产所在地预缴税款后，向机构所在地主管税务机关进行纳税申报。
2.房地产开发企业中的小规模纳税人，出租自行开发的房地产项目，按照5%的征收率计算应纳税额。纳税人出租自行开发的房地产项目与其机构所在地不在同一县（市）的，应按照上述计税方法在不动产所在地预缴税款后，向机构所在地主管税务机关进行纳税申报。
三、一般纳税人提供非学历教育服务，可以选择适用简易计税方法按照3%征收率计算应纳税额。
四、纳税人提供安全保护服务，比照劳务派遣服务政策执行。
五、各党派、共青团、工会、妇联、中科协、青联、台联、侨联收取党费、团费、会费，以及政府间国际组织收取会费，属于非经营活动，不征收增值税。
六、本通知自2016年5月1日起执行。
                                                  财政部   国家税务总局
　　                                             2016年6月18日
站内搜索
  
更多>>政策选登
·国务院办公厅关于强化学校体育 促进学生身心健康全面发展的意见
·浙江省教育厅关于印发《浙江省普通本科高校分类评价管理改革办法（试行）》的通知
·浙江省教育厅关于普通高中结业学生参加学业水平考试及换发毕业证书的通知
·关于进一步明确全面推开营改增试点有关再保险、不动产租赁和非学历教育等政策的通知
·浙江省教育厅关于印发《中小学教师专业发展培训学分制管理办法（试行）》的通知
·教育部等七部门关于印发《职业学校教师企业实践规定》的通知
·国务院办公厅关于强化学校体育促进学生身心健康全面发展的意见
·教育部等五部门关于印发《职业学校学生实习管理规定》的通知
·浙江省教育厅办公室关于切实做好深化义务教育课程改革工作的通知
·国务院教育督导委员会办公室关于印发《中等职业学校办学能力评估暂行办法》的通知
地址：杭州市文晖路321号浙江教育大厦402室　电话：0571-88821157　E-mail：zjmbjy@163.com
     Copyright©2011 浙江省民办教育协会 All Right Reserved.
备案编号：浙ICP备06031157
    ->
[en] Further clarifying the notice of the pilot of the pilot of business reform and increasing the pilot of business reforms and increasing policies for reinsurance, real estate leasing and non-academic education-Zhejiang Private Education Network
Today is: 2016-11-6 Sunday
Set as Homepage | Add to Favorites
front page
Association introduction
Association dynamics
News focus
Association announcement
Comprehensive reform
Policy selection
Civilian Forum
Chairman mailbox
Download area
Electronic conference
Current Location >> Home >> Policy Selection >> National Policy >> Text
Further clarifying the notice of the pilot of the pilot of business reform and increasing the pilot of business reforms and increasing policies for reinsurance, real estate leasing and non -academic education
Time: 2016-06-22 Click rate: 43 Source: Ministry of Finance's Taxation Department website website
Font size selection 〖Big Middle Small〗
Fortune Tax [2016] No. 68
All provinces, autonomous regions, municipalities, and planned municipalities (bureaus), National Taxation Bureau, Local Taxation Bureau, Xinjiang Production and Construction Corps Finance Bureau:
After research, the notice of supplementary notifications for reinsurance, real estate leasing, and non -academic education will be followed during the period of the pilot reform pilot period: as follows:
1. Reinsurance service
(1) Domestic insurance companies provided by overseas insurance companies that are completely consumed overseas for reinsurance services, exempting value -added taxes.
(2) Pilot taxpayers provide reinsurance services (except for reinsurance services provided by domestic insurance companies to overseas insurance companies), and implement VAT policy consistent with the original insurance services.If the reinsurance contract corresponds to multiple original insurance contracts, when all the original insurance contracts are applicable to the exemptional VAT policy, the reinsurance contract is applicable to the exemption of VAT policy.Otherwise, the reinsurance contract shall pay VAT in accordance with regulations.
The original insurance service refers to a business activity that establishes insurance relations directly between the insurance parties and the insured to establish an insurance relationship.
2. Real estate operation rental services
1. General taxpayers in real estate development enterprises, rented old real estate projects developed by leased, can choose to apply simple tax calculation methods to calculate the taxable amount at a 5%levy rate.If the taxpayer rents the old real estate project developed on its own, and the location of the institution is not in the same county (city), it shall pay tax declarations to the tax authorities where the institution is located in accordance with the pre -paid tax calculation method in accordance with the above tax calculation method.
General taxpayers in real estate development enterprises, rented out their own real estate projects that are not in the same county (city) as the institutions where the institutions are located on May 1, 2016, shall be paid at the real estate in the pre -tax rate.The tax authority in charge of the institution is tax declaration.
2. Small -scale taxpayers in real estate development enterprises, rented real estate projects developed by leased, calculate the taxable amount at a 5%levy rate.If the taxpayer's leased real estate project and the location of the institution are not in the same county (city), they shall pay tax declarations to the tax authorities where the institution is located in accordance with the pre -taxation method of the real estate in accordance with the above tax calculation method.
3. General taxpayers provide non -academic education services, and they can choose to apply a simple tax calculation method to calculate the taxable amount at a 3%collection rate.
Fourth, taxpayers provide safety protection services and implement the labor dispatch service policy.
V. All -party factions, Communist Youth League, trade union, women's federation, Chinese University of Science and Technology Association, Youth Federation, Taiwan Federation, Overseas Chinese Federation collect party fees, group fees, membership fees, and intergovernmental international organizations collecting membership fees.
6. This notice will be implemented from May 1, 2016.
Ministry of Finance's State Administration of Taxation
June 18, 2016
Searches in the site

More >> Policy selection
· Opinions of the General Office of the State Council on strengthening the development of students 'physical and mental health and comprehensive development of students' physical and mental health
· Notice of the Zhejiang Provincial Department of Education on the "Reform Measures for the Management and Management of Classification Evaluation and Management of Ordinary Undergraduate Universities in Zhejiang Province (Trial)"
· Notice of the Zhejiang Provincial Department of Education on the graduation of students to participate in the academic level examination and the graduation certificate
· Notice on further clearing the pilot pilot of the business reform and increasing the pilot of business reforms, notice of reinsurance, real estate leasing and non -academic education
· Notice of the Zhejiang Provincial Department of Education's "Administrative Measures for Primary and Middle School Teachers' Professional Development Training System (Trial)"
· Notice of the seven departments such as the Ministry of Education and other seven departments on printing and issuing the "Regulations on the Practice of Vocational School Teachers Enterprise"
· Opinions of the General Office of the State Council on strengthening the development of students 'physical and mental health and comprehensive development of students' physical and mental health
· Notice of the five departments such as the Ministry of Education and the issuance of the "Regulations on the Management of Vocational School Students' Internship"
· Notice of the Office of Zhejiang Provincial Education Department on the reform of the compulsory education curriculum effectively
The notice of the Office of the State Council's Education Supervision Committee on the "Interim Measures for Evaluation of Evaluation of School Schools for Middle Vocational Schools"
Address: Room 402, Zhejiang Education Building, Zhejiang Education Building, No. 321 Hangzhou Wenhui Road: 0571-88821157 E-mail: zjmbjy@163.com
Copyright r 2011 Zhejiang Private Education Association All Right Reserved.
Record number: Zhejiang ICP 06031157
[pron.] None
