[zh-CN] 产品名称：偷拍自拍亚洲色图人兽,美国色荡妇,裸体写真片
PRODUCT
NAME：Violet Red Bile Glucose Agar
【产品用途】
紫红胆盐葡萄糖琼脂培养基用于耐胆盐革兰氏阴性菌的选择性分离培养。(2015版CP)
【检验原理】
明胶胰酶水解物和酵母浸出粉提供碳氮源和微量元素偷拍自拍亚洲色图人兽,美国色荡妇,裸体写真片可发酵的糖类;氯化钠可维持均衡的渗透压;脱氧胆酸钠和结晶紫抑制革兰氏阳性菌，特别抑制革兰氏阳性杆菌和粪肠球菌;中性红为pH指示剂。
【配方成分】
成分
含量(g/L)
酵母浸出粉
3.0
明胶胰酶水解物
7.0
葡萄糖
10.0
中性红
0.03mg
结晶紫
0.002mg
氯化钠
5.0
脱氧胆酸钠
1.5
琼脂
15.0
蒸馏水(干粉培养基不含此成分)
1000
最终 pH
5.6±0.2
【使用方法】
平板凝胶培养基使用：待检样品按照相应的标准进行处理后，取适量样品液接种于该培养基上，于药典规定的培养条件进行培养，观察结果。
脱水干粉培养基使用：称取本品干粉41.5g偷拍自拍亚洲色图人兽,美国色荡妇,裸体写真片水或去离子水1 L，搅拌加热煮沸至完全溶解，无
需高压灭菌。(注：配制不同用量体积，可按比例扩增或缩小。)后续操作可参考“平板凝胶培养基使用”。
【质量控制】
1. 外观方面：
脱水干粉培养基：浅红色粉末
灭菌后融化状态培偷拍自拍亚洲色图人兽,美国色荡妇,裸体写真片
平板凝胶培养基：红色凝胶
2. 生物学方面
下列质控菌株接种待测试培养基，30～35℃培养，结果如下:
【储存条件及保质期】
脱水干粉：贮存于干燥处，避免阳光直射，用后立即旋紧瓶盖。未开封产品贮存期三年。
平板凝胶：见标签。
【注意事项】
1、称量脱水干粉培养基时避免偷拍自拍亚洲色图人兽,美国色荡妇,裸体写真片佩戴口罩操作以免吸入粉尘引起呼吸道系统不适。
2、凝胶培养基如在2～8℃下保存需与存放容器冷凝管保持一定距离以避免结冰，同时不要存放在冰箱或冷库风扇直吹的位置以避免把平板吹干或引起萎缩。产品多次在低温与常温之间变更会引起琼脂的泌水，属于正常现象。使用前应平衡至室温。
3、质检报告下载：首先，登录环凯网站ht偷拍自拍亚洲色图人兽,美国色荡妇,裸体写真片om;然后，打开“客服中心”页面，点击“产品质检报告”，输入产品批号搜索即可。
【废物处理】
检测之后带菌器皿置于121℃下高压灭菌30分钟后处理。
【执行标准】
Q/HKSJ 03
普通微生物培养基
【说明版本】
偷拍自拍亚洲色图人兽,美国色荡妇,裸体写真片
    ->
[en] Product name: candid selfie selfie Asian color map human beast, American color slut, nude photo film
Propuct
Name: Violet Red Bile Glucose Agar
【Product use】
Purple and red gallbladder glucose agarmerine is used for the selective separation culture of gallbladder salt -tolerant.(2015 version CP)
【Inspection Principles】
Megongananase hydrolyzed and yeast soaking powder provides carbon nitrogen sources and trace elements candid selfies Asian color map human beasts, American color sluts, nude photo tablets fermented sugar; sodium chloride can maintain a balanced osmotic pressure; deoxyomy bile bile bile gallbladder;Sodium and crystalline purple inhibit Gram -positive bacteria, which especially inhibit Gram -positive bacteria and fecal bacteria; neutral red is a pH indicator.
【Formula Ingredients】
Element
Content (G/L)
Yeast immersion powder
3.0
Plastic pancreatus hydrolysis
7.0
glucose
10.0
Neutral red
0.03mg
Crystalline purple
0.002mg
Sodium chloride
5.0
Sodium deoxy
1.5
Agar
15.0
Defraction water (dry powder medium does not contain this ingredient)
1000
Final pH
5.6 ± 0.2
[How to use]
Plate gel medium use: After the samples to be checked according to the corresponding standards, take an appropriate amount of sample solution to inoculate to the medium, and cultivate the training conditions specified in the pharmacopoeia and observe the results.
Use of dehydration and dry powder culture base: Called this product dried powder 41.5g candid selfies Asian color map human beast, American color slut, naked photo water or ion water 1 L, stir and heat, boil until it is completely dissolved, none
Need high pressure sterilization.(Note: The volume of different dosage can be expanded or reduced proportional.) Subsequent operations can be referred to the "flat gel medium".
【Quality Control】
1. In terms of appearance:
Dehydration dry powder medium: light red powder
After sterilization, the state of melting a sneak shot from the Asian color map human beast, American color slut, nude photo film
Flat Gel Cultile: Red Gel
2. Biological aspect
The following mass control strains are vaccinated to be tested in the medium, and cultivated at 30 to 35 ° C. The results are as follows:
【Storage conditions and shelf life】
Dehydration dry powder: stored in a dry place to avoid direct sunlight, and immediately spin the bottle cap immediately after use.The storage period of not opening products is three years.
Tablet Gel: See the label.
【Precautions】
1. Avoid candid selfies with self -portrait Asian color maps when weighing dehydration dry powder medium, American color sluts, nude photos wearing masks operation to avoid inhaling dust causes the respiratory system discomfort.
2. If the gel medium is stored at 2 to 8 ° C, it is necessary to keep a certain distance from the storage container condensation tube to avoid freezing. At the same time, do not store directly in the refrigerator or cold storage fan to avoid blowing the tablet or causing atrophy.The change in the product many times between low temperature and normal temperature will cause agar secretion, which is normal.Before use, it should be balanced to room temperature.
3. Download the quality inspection report: First, log in to the HT website ht candid selfie selfie Asian color map human beast, American color slut, nude photo movie OM; then, open the "customer service center" page, click "Product Quality Inspection Report", enterThe product batch number searches.
【Waste Treatment】
After the test, the fungal utensils are placed at a high -pressure sterilization at 121 ° C for 30 minutes.
【Execution Standard】
Q/hksj 03
Ordinary microorganisms
【Description version】
Candid selfies Asian color map human beasts, American color sluts, nude photo films
[pron.] None
